README.md, before:

NEXT UP

- Admins should be able to add anyone to a tee time

TODO

- Prevent 2 large player cards from being really small when booking
- Add scrollspy back to the top (should be a sticky bar I think)
- Maybe make a /tee_times/#{time} page for individual days and/or individual times
- Finish template for booking confirmation email.
- Figure out how people will be creating accounts.
- Feed of what everyone else is currently doing -- probably the PGCC dashboard home page.
- Create a "My Statistics" page, where you can see total rounds played, common partners, distribution of tee times, distributino of days of the week, distribution of handicaps played with.
- Make settings menu dropdown larger

DONE

- Make sure that you can't add the same player to a tee time multiple times.
- Better styling for tee times and player cards
- Figure out a way to do scrollspy without the timeout
- Remove all the cluttered buttons and streamline the booking tee times page
- Remove admins from the menu of people to book
- Get first golfer name working correctly.
- No tee times available indicator
- Move book tee time modal out of the modal page.
- Make player cards smaller in the content section
- Scrollspy should be extended 15px further down
- Fix modal being in a weird position when it is opened.
- Fix bug where multiple modals pop up after you exit one. This happens when you lose internet connection.
- Better formatting for the book tee time section.
- Booking modal should have a clearer additional golfer thing.
- Get a better date format so it's easier to tell what day you're booking on.
- My reservations should have an empty state.
- Canceling a tee time in my reservations should have a good state to come back to.
- Preview when booking tee time.
- Add ability to book other members, each member should have a checkbox in their settings page about whether other people can book tee times for them. When other people are booked, they should get an email.
- Set out a schema so that we know what each collection has. Also, camelcase, or underscore, but not both.
- Do something for the case when there are no tee times available
- Make sure there is a concept of admins, only they can add tee times
- Don't show cancel tee time on the player card in the settings page
- GHIN number should get your handicap
- Finish design of the landing page
- Add menu to the landing page
- Make tee_time template that can be reused everywhere.
- Add ability to delete tee times
- Ensure that admins can't add tee times at the same time
- Create menu when you try to add tee time
- Handle ability to add guests
- Ensure that you can't add tee times on the same time
- Create card for guests.
- Show cancel only for the current user and guests
- Preview shouldn't show cancel or book on any player card
- Player card images should be cropped to a specific height/width.

Commit message:

Email administrivia in the todos.

README.md, after:

NEXT UP

- Forgot password emails
- Need to verify email before we can allow you to login
- Admins should be able to add anyone to a tee time

TODO

- Prevent 2 large player cards from being really small when booking
- Add scrollspy back to the top (should be a sticky bar I think)
- Maybe make a /tee_times/#{time} page for individual days and/or individual times
- Finish template for booking confirmation email.
- Figure out how people will be creating accounts.
- Feed of what everyone else is currently doing -- probably the PGCC dashboard home page.
- Create a "My Statistics" page, where you can see total rounds played, common partners, distribution of tee times, distributino of days of the week, distribution of handicaps played with.
- Make settings menu dropdown larger

DONE

- Make sure that you can't add the same player to a tee time multiple times.
- Better styling for tee times and player cards
- Figure out a way to do scrollspy without the timeout
- Remove all the cluttered buttons and streamline the booking tee times page
- Remove admins from the menu of people to book
- Get first golfer name working correctly.
- No tee times available indicator
- Move book tee time modal out of the modal page.
- Make player cards smaller in the content section
- Scrollspy should be extended 15px further down
- Fix modal being in a weird position when it is opened.
- Fix bug where multiple modals pop up after you exit one. This happens when you lose internet connection.
- Better formatting for the book tee time section.
- Booking modal should have a clearer additional golfer thing.
- Get a better date format so it's easier to tell what day you're booking on.
- My reservations should have an empty state.
- Canceling a tee time in my reservations should have a good state to come back to.
- Preview when booking tee time.
- Add ability to book other members, each member should have a checkbox in their settings page about whether other people can book tee times for them. When other people are booked, they should get an email.
- Set out a schema so that we know what each collection has. Also, camelcase, or underscore, but not both.
- Do something for the case when there are no tee times available
- Make sure there is a concept of admins, only they can add tee times
- Don't show cancel tee time on the player card in the settings page
- GHIN number should get your handicap
- Finish design of the landing page
- Add menu to the landing page
- Make tee_time template that can be reused everywhere.
- Add ability to delete tee times
- Ensure that admins can't add tee times at the same time
- Create menu when you try to add tee time
- Handle ability to add guests
- Ensure that you can't add tee times on the same time
- Create card for guests.
- Show cancel only for the current user and guests
- Preview shouldn't show cancel or book on any player card
- Player card images should be cropped to a specific height/width.
