TODO.md, before:

NEXT UP

- Create card for guests.
- Preview when booking tee time.

TODO

- Finish template for booking confirmation email.
- Figure out how people will be creating accounts.
- Feed of what everyone else is currently doing -- probably the PGCC dashboard home page.
- Create a "My Statistics" page, where you can see total rounds played, common partners, distribution of tee times, distributino of days of the week, distribution of handicaps played with.
- Fix bug where multiple modals pop up after you exit one
- Maybe make a /tee_times/#{time} page for individual days and/or individual times
- Make settings menu dropdown larger
- Better styling for tee times and player cards
- Admins should be able to add anyone to a tee time

DONE

- Add ability to book other members, each member should have a checkbox in their settings page about whether other people can book tee times for them. When other people are booked, they should get an email.
- Set out a schema so that we know what each collection has. Also, camelcase, or underscore, but not both.
- Do something for the case when there are no tee times available
- Make sure there is a concept of admins, only they can add tee times
- Don't show cancel tee time on the player card in the settings page
- GHIN number should get your handicap
- Finish design of the landing page
- Add menu to the landing page
- Make tee_time template that can be reused everywhere.
- Add ability to delete tee times
- Ensure that admins can't add tee times at the same time
- Create menu when you try to add tee time
- Handle ability to add guests
- Ensure that you can't add tee times on the same time

Commit message:

Show cancel only for current user and guests.

TODO.md, after:

NEXT UP

- Preview when booking tee time.

TODO

- Finish template for booking confirmation email.
- Figure out how people will be creating accounts.
- Feed of what everyone else is currently doing -- probably the PGCC dashboard home page.
- Create a "My Statistics" page, where you can see total rounds played, common partners, distribution of tee times, distributino of days of the week, distribution of handicaps played with.
- Fix bug where multiple modals pop up after you exit one
- Maybe make a /tee_times/#{time} page for individual days and/or individual times
- Make settings menu dropdown larger
- Better styling for tee times and player cards
- Admins should be able to add anyone to a tee time

DONE

- Add ability to book other members, each member should have a checkbox in their settings page about whether other people can book tee times for them. When other people are booked, they should get an email.
- Set out a schema so that we know what each collection has. Also, camelcase, or underscore, but not both.
- Do something for the case when there are no tee times available
- Make sure there is a concept of admins, only they can add tee times
- Don't show cancel tee time on the player card in the settings page
- GHIN number should get your handicap
- Finish design of the landing page
- Add menu to the landing page
- Make tee_time template that can be reused everywhere.
- Add ability to delete tee times
- Ensure that admins can't add tee times at the same time
- Create menu when you try to add tee time
- Handle ability to add guests
- Ensure that you can't add tee times on the same time
- Create card for guests.
- Show cancel only for the current user and guests
